JONATHAN ALTAR. MANAGER OF SKD KNICKERBOCKER.
MANAGER OF SKD KNICKERBOCKER. FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR FOR THE
FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR FOR THE DNC.
DNC. THIS WAS A PLANNED INTERVIEW
THIS WAS A PLANNED INTERVIEW WITH "THE WASHINGTON POST."
WITH "THE WASHINGTON POST." SHE KNEW SHE WOULD BE ASKED
SHE KNEW SHE WOULD BE ASKED ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
ABOUT IMPEACHMENT. JONATHAN, WHY DO YOU THINK THE
JONATHAN, WHY DO YOU THINK THE SPEAKER DECIDED TO GO THIS FAR
SPEAKER DECIDED TO GO THIS FAR NOW?
NOW? WHY DID SHE SAY WHAT SHE SAID
WHY DID SHE SAY WHAT SHE SAID YESTERDAY?
YESTERDAY? >> POLITICALLY SMART TO DO SO.
>> POLITICALLY SMART TO DO SO. SHE LOOKED AT THE POLLS.
SHE LOOKED AT THE POLLS. THE PUBLIC DOESN’T WANT
THE PUBLIC DOESN’T WANT IMPEACHMENT RIGHT NOW.
IMPEACHMENT RIGHT NOW. IT IS KIND OF SILLY TO START
IT IS KIND OF SILLY TO START PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE MUELLER
PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE MUELLER REPORT IS DELIVERED.
REPORT IS DELIVERED. SHE LEFT HERSELF AN OUT IF THERE
SHE LEFT HERSELF AN OUT IF THERE IS OVERWHELMING EVIDENCE OF
IS OVERWHELMING EVIDENCE OF CRIMINALITY IN THAT REPORT OR IN
CRIMINALITY IN THAT REPORT OR IN OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. SO, IT WAS CLEARLY VERY SMART
SO, IT WAS CLEARLY VERY SMART FOR HER TO DO POLITICALLY.
FOR HER TO DO POLITICALLY. MY CONCERN ABOUT IT IS THAT IT
MY CONCERN ABOUT IT IS THAT IT MIGHT DEPRIVE THE DEMOCRATS OF
MIGHT DEPRIVE THE DEMOCRATS OF THE OPPORTUNITY TO KIND OF
THE OPPORTUNITY TO KIND OF CONNECT THE DOTS AND TELL A
CONNECT THE DOTS AND TELL A STORY, TO HAVE A COMPELLING
STORY, TO HAVE A COMPELLING NARRATIVE OF THE CRIMINALITY AND
NARRATIVE OF THE CRIMINALITY AND DEPRAFTY --
DEPRAFTY -- >> HUE WOULD IT DO THAT?
>> HUE WOULD IT DO THAT? HOW DOES THAT STOP THE DEMOCRATS
HOW DOES THAT STOP THE DEMOCRATS FROM USING MORE FACTS TO BUILD A
FROM USING MORE FACTS TO BUILD A CASE?
CASE? >> BECAUSE IT’S COMING OUT PIECE
>> BECAUSE IT’S COMING OUT PIECE KNEEL
KNEEL MEAL.
MEAL. >> IF THERE WAS AN IMPEACHMENT
>> IF THERE WAS AN IMPEACHMENT TRIAL IN THE SENATE, EVEN IF IT
TRIAL IN THE SENATE, EVEN IF IT FAILED, EVERYBODY IS ASSUMING IT
FAILED, EVERYBODY IS ASSUMING IT WOULD BE LIKE WITH CLINTON.
WOULD BE LIKE WITH CLINTON. PEOPLE WOULD HAVE SYMPATHY FOR
PEOPLE WOULD HAVE SYMPATHY FOR CLINTON.
CLINTON. MAYBE NOT IN THE WAY THEY DID
MAYBE NOT IN THE WAY THEY DID WITH CLINTON BECAUSE IF THE
WITH CLINTON BECAUSE IF THE WHOLE STORY WAS LAID OUT BY WHAT
WHOLE STORY WAS LAID OUT BY WHAT THEY CALL THE IMPEACHMENT
THEY CALL THE IMPEACHMENT MANAGERS, HOUSE MEMBERS WHO
MANAGERS, HOUSE MEMBERS WHO WOULD ESSENTIALLY BE THE
WOULD ESSENTIALLY BE THE PROSECUTORS IN A SENATE TRIAL,
PROSECUTORS IN A SENATE TRIAL, AND A STORY WAS TOLD, THEN THE
AND A STORY WAS TOLD, THEN THE COUNTRY COULD MAYBE SEE EXACTLY
COUNTRY COULD MAYBE SEE EXACTLY WE HAVE BEEN DOING --
WE HAVE BEEN DOING -- >> BUT TO TELL -- I WANT TO MAKE
>> BUT TO TELL -- I WANT TO MAKE THE ARMENT, DOUG, WEIGH IN
THE ARMENT, DOUG, WEIGH IN HERE, TO TELL A STORY, TO TELL A
HERE, TO TELL A STORY, TO TELL A REALLY STRONG NARRATIVE YOU HAVE
REALLY STRONG NARRATIVE YOU HAVE TO BE ABLE TO HAVE THE FACTS.
TO BE ABLE TO HAVE THE FACTS. AND TO FAIL TO NOT TELL A
AND TO FAIL TO NOT TELL A CONVINCING STORY WORKS TO THE
CONVINCING STORY WORKS TO THE OTHER SIDE.
OTHER SIDE. BUT I DON’T KNOW.
BUT I DON’T KNOW. WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT DO YOU THINK? >> WELL, LOOK, SPEAKER PELOSI
>> WELL, LOOK, SPEAKER PELOSI DIDN’T TAKE IMPEACHMENT OFF THE
DIDN’T TAKE IMPEACHMENT OFF THE TABLE.
TABLE. SHE SAID THERE NEEDS TO BE
SHE SAID THERE NEEDS TO BE COMPELLING EVIDENCE AND THE
COMPELLING EVIDENCE AND THE PUBLIC WILL FOR IT.
PUBLIC WILL FOR IT. I THINK WHAT SHE IS TRYING TO DO
I THINK WHAT SHE IS TRYING TO DO IN THE HOUSE IS CONDUCT A
IN THE HOUSE IS CONDUCT A THOROUGH SURGICAL OVERSIGHT
THOROUGH SURGICAL OVERSIGHT INVESTIGATION OF THIS PRESIDENT
INVESTIGATION OF THIS PRESIDENT AND ALL OF HIS POSSIBLE
AND ALL OF HIS POSSIBLE WRONGDOINGS.
WRONGDOINGS. ULTIMATELY, IF IT LEADS TO
ULTIMATELY, IF IT LEADS TO COMPELLING EVIDENCE, THEN MAYBE
COMPELLING EVIDENCE, THEN MAYBE IMPEACHMENT IS THE RIGHT WAY TO
IMPEACHMENT IS THE RIGHT WAY TO GO.
GO. WE ALSO HAVE THE MUELLER REPORT.
WE ALSO HAVE THE MUELLER REPORT. TO JONATHAN’S POINT, I THINK A
TO JONATHAN’S POINT, I THINK A LOT OF THIS EVIDENCE WILL COME
LOT OF THIS EVIDENCE WILL COME TO -- THE EVIDENCE COULD COME TO
TO -- THE EVIDENCE COULD COME TO LIGHT DURING THESE HEARINGS.
LIGHT DURING THESE HEARINGS. YOU HAVE ADAM SCHIFF, ELIJAH
YOU HAVE ADAM SCHIFF, ELIJAH CUMMINGS, RICH NEIL, JERRY
CUMMINGS, RICH NEIL, JERRY NADLER CONDUCTING THOROUGH
NADLER CONDUCTING THOROUGH INVESTIGATIONS IN THE PUBLIC
INVESTIGATIONS IN THE PUBLIC UNDER THE, YOU KNOW, IN THE
UNDER THE, YOU KNOW, IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
PUBLIC DOMAIN. I THINK THAT COULD ULTIMATELY
I THINK THAT COULD ULTIMATELY LEAD TO WHAT JONATHAN IS LOOKING
LEAD TO WHAT JONATHAN IS LOOKING FOR.
FOR. BUT, LOOK, HE IS UNFIT AND
BUT, LOOK, HE IS UNFIT AND CORRUPT, BUT I THINK THAT THE
CORRUPT, BUT I THINK THAT THE PUBLIC WILL AND THE VOTES IN THE
PUBLIC WILL AND THE VOTES IN THE SENATE AREN’T THERE AND PELOSI
SENATE AREN’T THERE AND PELOSI KNOWS THAT.
KNOWS THAT. >> I WANT TO PLAY WHAT THE
>> I WANT TO PLAY WHAT THE PRESIDENT SAID BACK IN JANUARY
PRESIDENT SAID BACK IN JANUARY ABOUT A CONVERSATION HE HAD WITH
ABOUT A CONVERSATION HE HAD WITH SPEAKER PELOSI ABOUT
SPEAKER PELOSI ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. GOOD REMINDER.
GOOD REMINDER. >> WE EVEN TALKED ABOUT THAT
>> WE EVEN TALKED ABOUT THAT TODAY.
TODAY. I SAID, WHY DON’T YOU USE THIS
I SAID, WHY DON’T YOU USE THIS FOR IMPEACHMENT?
FOR IMPEACHMENT? AND NANCY SAID, WE’RE NOT
AND NANCY SAID, WE’RE NOT LOOKING TO IMPEACH YOU.
LOOKING TO IMPEACH YOU. I SAID, THAT’S GOOD, NANCY.
I SAID, THAT’S GOOD, NANCY. THAT’S GOOD.
THAT’S GOOD. YOU DON’T IMPEACH PEOPLE WHEN
YOU DON’T IMPEACH PEOPLE WHEN THEY ARE DOING A GOOD JOB.
THEY ARE DOING A GOOD JOB. >> SUSAN, FROM THE REPUBLICAN
>> SUSAN, FROM THE REPUBLICAN PERSPECTIVE WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF
PERSPECTIVE WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
THAT? >> A FEW THINGS.
>> A FEW THINGS. IT’S A WAY OF HER PUTTING TOWN
IT’S A WAY OF HER PUTTING TOWN HER OWN MARKER AS SPEAKER
HER OWN MARKER AS SPEAKER BECAUSE THERE HAVE BEEN A LOT OF
BECAUSE THERE HAVE BEEN A LOT OF MEMBERS OUT THERE IN THE RECENT
MEMBERS OUT THERE IN THE RECENT DAYS SAYING IMPEACH, IMPEACH,
DAYS SAYING IMPEACH, IMPEACH, IMPEACH.
IMPEACH. SHE IS SAYING LEADERSHIP IS NOT
SHE IS SAYING LEADERSHIP IS NOT GOING TO DO IT UNTIL WE FIND
GOING TO DO IT UNTIL WE FIND GOOD REASON.
GOOD REASON. IT ALSO ALLOWS A METHODICAL
IT ALSO ALLOWS A METHODICAL REVIEW OF THE MUELLER REPORT OR
REVIEW OF THE MUELLER REPORT OR OF OVERSIGHT.
OF OVERSIGHT. IT WILL ALLOW THE REPUBLICANS TO
IT WILL ALLOW THE REPUBLICANS TO GAIN INFORMATION, TOO.
GAIN INFORMATION, TOO. SO IF SOMETHING IS FOUND THAT
SO IF SOMETHING IS FOUND THAT IS, YOU KNOW, REALLY BAD, IT CAN
IS, YOU KNOW, REALLY BAD, IT CAN MOVE REPUBLICANS.
MOVE REPUBLICANS. BUT ANYONE WHO IS GOING TO BE
BUT ANYONE WHO IS GOING TO BE LIKE THAT IS GOING TO HAVE TO
LIKE THAT IS GOING TO HAVE TO SEE THE STONE COLD HARD FACTS.
SEE THE STONE COLD HARD FACTS. >> LET ME PLAY WHAT SOME
>> LET ME PLAY WHAT SOME REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN SAYING
REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN SAYING ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
ABOUT IMPEACHMENT. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> CONGRESSMAN NADLER DECIDED TO
>> CONGRESSMAN NADLER DECIDED TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT THE DAY
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT THE DAY THE PRESIDENT WON THE ELECTION.
THE PRESIDENT WON THE ELECTION. >> TRYING TO GET THE GOODS ON
>> TRYING TO GET THE GOODS ON THIS PRESIDENT IN AN APPARENT
THIS PRESIDENT IN AN APPARENT EFFORT TO IMPEACH HIM.
EFFORT TO IMPEACH HIM. >> A FORUM TO TELL STORIES AND
>> A FORUM TO TELL STORIES AND LIE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT OF THE
LIE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES SO THEY CAN ALL
UNITED STATES SO THEY CAN ALL START THEIR IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
START THEIR IMPEACHMENT PROCESS. >> THIS IS AN ATTEMPT TO INJURE
>> THIS IS AN ATTEMPT TO INJURE OUR PRESIDENT, LAY SOME SORT OF
OUR PRESIDENT, LAY SOME SORT OF SOFT CORNERSTONE FOR FUTURE
SOFT CORNERSTONE FOR FUTURE IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS.
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS. >> THERE ARE MEMBERS HERE WITH A
>> THERE ARE MEMBERS HERE WITH A GOAL IN CONGRESS TO IMPEACH
GOAL IN CONGRESS TO IMPEACH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. >> THEIR TALKING POINTS ARE
>> THEIR TALKING POINTS ARE CONSISTENT.
CONSISTENT. >> THEY ARE.
>> THEY ARE. THEY ARE CONSISTENT EVEN FROM
THEY ARE CONSISTENT EVEN FROM TWO, FOUR, SIX, EIGHT YEARS AGO.
TWO, FOUR, SIX, EIGHT YEARS AGO. AND THAT’S REPUBLICANS BASICALLY
AND THAT’S REPUBLICANS BASICALLY HAVING ONE LINE AND IT’S TO GO
HAVING ONE LINE AND IT’S TO GO AFTER THE DEMOCRATS AND WHATEVER
AFTER THE DEMOCRATS AND WHATEVER THEY ARE DOING.
THEY ARE DOING. AND I WAS AGAINST THE PARTY OF
AND I WAS AGAINST THE PARTY OF NO IN THE CONGRESS WHEN IT WAS
NO IN THE CONGRESS WHEN IT WAS REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP DOING IT,
REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP DOING IT, AND I THINK THAT RIGHT NOW NANCY
AND I THINK THAT RIGHT NOW NANCY PELOSI IS ACTUALLY TRYING NOT TO
PELOSI IS ACTUALLY TRYING NOT TO HAVE THAT AND NOT TO BE THE
HAVE THAT AND NOT TO BE THE PARTY NECESSARILY OF NO, BUT BE
PARTY NECESSARILY OF NO, BUT BE THE PARTY OF RESPONSIBLE
THE PARTY OF RESPONSIBLE GOVERNANCE.
GOVERNANCE. THAT WILL REALLY HELP HER AS FAR
THAT WILL REALLY HELP HER AS FAR AS LOOKING TOWARDS 2020 AND HER
AS LOOKING TOWARDS 2020 AND HER MAJORITY.
MAJORITY. >> COULD WE TAKE IT OUT OF
>> COULD WE TAKE IT OUT OF POLITICS FOR A MINUTE?
POLITICS FOR A MINUTE? BY POLITICS, I MEAN THE PURE
BY POLITICS, I MEAN THE PURE POLITICS OF WHATEVER IS DECIDED,
POLITICS OF WHATEVER IS DECIDED, HOWEVER THE DEMOCRATS IN THE
HOWEVER THE DEMOCRATS IN THE HOUSE DECIDE TO MOVE FORWARD, IT
HOUSE DECIDE TO MOVE FORWARD, IT IS GOING TO HAVE AN IMPACT ON
IS GOING TO HAVE AN IMPACT ON 2020.
2020. IT’S GOING TO BE A CONVERSATION
IT’S GOING TO BE A CONVERSATION WHETHER THEY GO FOR IMPEACHMENT
WHETHER THEY GO FOR IMPEACHMENT OR NOT.
OR NOT. BUT THERE IS WORK TO BE DONE FOR
BUT THERE IS WORK TO BE DONE FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. I DON’T MEAN TO SOUND
I DON’T MEAN TO SOUND POLLYANNISH, BECAUSE WE HAVEN’T
POLLYANNISH, BECAUSE WE HAVEN’T HAD -- WELL, WE HAVE HAD A
HAD -- WELL, WE HAVE HAD A SERIES OF CONGRESSES UNDER THE
SERIES OF CONGRESSES UNDER THE REPUBLICANS AND LET’S SEE WHAT
REPUBLICANS AND LET’S SEE WHAT HAPPENS UNDER THE DEMOCRATS THAT
HAPPENS UNDER THE DEMOCRATS THAT HAVE BEEN WILDLY UNPRODUCTIVE.
HAVE BEEN WILDLY UNPRODUCTIVE. COULD THIS HELP NANCY PELOSI IF
COULD THIS HELP NANCY PELOSI IF SHE WANTS TO BE SOMEBODY WHO
SHE WANTS TO BE SOMEBODY WHO GETS STUFF DONE?
GETS STUFF DONE? DOES SHE AT LEAST HAVE THE
DOES SHE AT LEAST HAVE THE RESPECT TO GO IN AND TRY TO GET
RESPECT TO GO IN AND TRY TO GET SOME SORT OF COMPROMISE ON
SOME SORT OF COMPROMISE ON ISSUES THAT MAYBE BOTH SIDES CAN
ISSUES THAT MAYBE BOTH SIDES CAN AGREE ON SHH.
AGREE ON SHH. >> I THINK IT’S UNLIKELY TRUMP
>> I THINK IT’S UNLIKELY TRUMP WILL DO THAT.
WILL DO THAT. HE HAS HAD OPPORTUNITIES TO DO
HE HAS HAD OPPORTUNITIES TO DO THINGS ON INFRASTRUCTURE AND
THINGS ON INFRASTRUCTURE AND OTHER THINGS WHERE THERE IS ROOM
OTHER THINGS WHERE THERE IS ROOM FOR COMPROMISE.
FOR COMPROMISE. IT GIVES PELOSI AND THE
IT GIVES PELOSI AND THE DEMOCRATS A CHANCE TO GO BACK TO
DEMOCRATS A CHANCE TO GO BACK TO THE ISSUES THAT WON THEM THE
THE ISSUES THAT WON THEM THE ELECTION LAST FALL.
ELECTION LAST FALL. SO, FOR INSTANCE, THIS WEEK THE
SO, FOR INSTANCE, THIS WEEK THE TRUMP BUDGET CAME OUT.
TRUMP BUDGET CAME OUT. IT CUTS $545 BILLION FROM
IT CUTS $545 BILLION FROM MEDICARE.
MEDICARE. REMEMBER, DONALD TRUMP PROMISED
REMEMBER, DONALD TRUMP PROMISED IN THE CAMPAIGN IN 2016 HE WAS
IN THE CAMPAIGN IN 2016 HE WAS NOT GOING TO CUT MEDICARE.
NOT GOING TO CUT MEDICARE. IT WAS ONE OF THE WAYS HE
IT WAS ONE OF THE WAYS HE DISTINGUISHED HIMSELF FROM THE
DISTINGUISHED HIMSELF FROM THE OTHER REPUBLICANS.
OTHER REPUBLICANS. >> I WANT TO STOP YOU HERE -- I
>> I WANT TO STOP YOU HERE -- I WANT TO --
WANT TO -- >> THIS IS A HUGE --
>> THIS IS A HUGE -- >> YEAH, BUT --
>> YEAH, BUT -- >> THIS IS A HUGE GIFT TO THE
>> THIS IS A HUGE GIFT TO THE DEMOCRATS.
DEMOCRATS. >> SO TO THAT POINT, BECAUSE I
>> SO TO THAT POINT, BECAUSE I DON’T WANT TO FORGET JUST
DON’T WANT TO FORGET JUST BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT AT THE TABLE
BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT AT THE TABLE HERE, THAT’S THE ARGUMENT THAT A
HERE, THAT’S THE ARGUMENT THAT A LOT OF DEMOCRATS WHO ARE MAKING
LOT OF DEMOCRATS WHO ARE MAKING WHO ARE SUPPORTING NANCY PELOSI
WHO ARE SUPPORTING NANCY PELOSI IN THIS.
IN THIS. THEY ARE SAYING, LOOK, WE HAVE
THEY ARE SAYING, LOOK, WE HAVE ENOUGH TO GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE
ENOUGH TO GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE IN 2020 IN A WAY THAT IS NOT
IN 2020 IN A WAY THAT IS NOT SEEN AS ILLEGITIMATE, IN A WAY
SEEN AS ILLEGITIMATE, IN A WAY THAT DOES NOT SPLIT THE COUNTRY.
THAT DOES NOT SPLIT THE COUNTRY. HE IS DOING THINGS.
HE IS DOING THINGS. AND IF WE MAKE OUR CASE, WE WILL
AND IF WE MAKE OUR CASE, WE WILL HAVE A DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENT COME
HAVE A DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENT COME 2020.
2020. WHAT DO YOU SAY ABOUT THAT?
WHAT DO YOU SAY ABOUT THAT? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. IF DEMOCRATS MAKE THEIR CASE, WE
IF DEMOCRATS MAKE THEIR CASE, WE WILL WIN THE WHITE HOUSE IN
WILL WIN THE WHITE HOUSE IN 2020.
2020. TO JONATHAN’S POINT EARLIER, YOU
TO JONATHAN’S POINT EARLIER, YOU KNOW, LOOK, THE DEMOCRATS PASSED
KNOW, LOOK, THE DEMOCRATS PASSED SEVERAL WEEKS AGO A BACKGROUND
SEVERAL WEEKS AGO A BACKGROUND CHECK BILL.
CHECK BILL. LAST WEEK THEY PASSED ONE OF THE
LAST WEEK THEY PASSED ONE OF THE MASSIVE ANTI-CORRUPTION BILLS IN
MASSIVE ANTI-CORRUPTION BILLS IN A LONG TIME, HR1, THE FOR THE
A LONG TIME, HR1, THE FOR THE PEOPLE ACHLKT THAT WILL GO TO
PEOPLE ACHLKT THAT WILL GO TO THE SENATE AND PROBABLY SIT
THE SENATE AND PROBABLY SIT THERE AND COLLECT DUST BECAUSE
THERE AND COLLECT DUST BECAUSE MITCH McCONNELL ISN’T GOING TO
MITCH McCONNELL ISN’T GOING TO BRING IT UP.
BRING IT UP. THAT’S GOING TO BE A GREAT THING
THAT’S GOING TO BE A GREAT THING FOR DEMOCRATS TO PUSH AND RUN ON
FOR DEMOCRATS TO PUSH AND RUN ON IN 2020.
IN 2020. AND SO THEY’VE ALSO GOT IDEAS ON
AND SO THEY’VE ALSO GOT IDEAS ON HEALTH CARE.
HEALTH CARE. >>
>> >>, REDUCING THE COST OF SPRIPGS
>>, REDUCING THE COST OF SPRIPGS PRESCRIPTION DRUGS, THAT NANCY
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS, THAT NANCY PELOSI WANT TO HAVE OUT THERE AS
PELOSI WANT TO HAVE OUT THERE AS A CONVERSATION POINT A WAY TO
A CONVERSATION POINT A WAY TO DISTINGUISH THE TWO PARTIES AND
DISTINGUISH THE TWO PARTIES AND THE VISION THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE
THE VISION THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE AND THAT REPUBLICANS HAVE, AND
AND THAT REPUBLICANS HAVE, AND OF COURSE ON THE BUDGET, THAT’S
OF COURSE ON THE BUDGET, THAT’S A STATEMENT OF YOUR PRIORITIES
A STATEMENT OF YOUR PRIORITIES OF YOUR PRINCIPLES AND WHAT
OF YOUR PRINCIPLES AND WHAT WE’RE SEEING FROM THIS
WE’RE SEEING FROM THIS REPUBLICAN BUDGET IS THAT IT’S
REPUBLICAN BUDGET IS THAT IT’S TOTALLY RADICAL AND WILL DO